
# Meeting Minutes: EMA

## Web

### 2/24/22

*Scribe:* Alejandro

*Present:* Andrew, Alejandro, Daniel

*Absent:* Brandon

*Items:* Each member in the team meeting provided an update on their progress. There were still minor discussions on finalizing how Firebase was managing tokens. There was a meeting later that day to clean up the confusion. After having a better understanding of how Firebase was processing the tokens, we had to make some adjustments to the front-end design. We came to an agreement on what the front-end should look like for creating projects and managing the notification for that project.

### 2/22/22

*Scribe:* Andrew

*Present:* Andrew, Alejandro, Daniel

*Absent:* Brandon

*Items:* We updated each other on current progress of sprint one, including deciding on a JSON format to send data to Django to schedule reminders. We also talked about new issues we have encountered over sprint one and concerns we have. We now have concerns about getting the tokens to send push notifications as well as it appears that there is two different ways to send the push notifications depending on if the receiving device is IOS or android.

### 2/17/22

*Scribe:* Daniel

*Present:* Andrew, Alejandro, Daniel, Brandon

*Absent:* N/A

*Items:* We discussed about how we will setup our web CI as mentioned by the professor. The whole team is currently working on CI tasks. The objective of today's meeting was to write user stories and related tasks for our sprint 1 goal, which includes the two major stories which needs to be implemented are: NodeJS system needs to be converted to python and to add/remove UI elements (which could be linked up to the backend in the later sprints) according to the project plan. We also discussed how professor wants us to merge the updated changes into the branch as we achieve our sprint goal.

## Mobile

### 2/24/22

*Scribe:* Jeff

*Present:* Jason, Jeff, Jon

*Absent:* N/A

*Items:* The meeting began by giving an update on Sprint 1 progress for each team. Daniel from the web team met with us during our mobile meeting to showcase the project creation template that the web team has devised. To that effect we also decided to reformat the database scheme again to add tokens for users. Our team also enabled the login system to work with projectID's in a list due to our new schema and also added in reset password for the app since our last sprint.  

### 2/22/22

*Scribe:* Jeff

*Present:* Jason, Jeff, Jon

*Absent:* N/A

*Items:* The meeting began by giving an update on Sprint 1 progress for each team. Several tasks were completed since the last meeting with regards to stripping the admin side from the mobile app. Members from the web team, Daniel and Andrew also joined the meeting to discuss the firebase notification system as well as changes needed for the firebase schema. The team made changes to allow for an array of users to be stored within projects in the database and also determined to use Firebase's internal messaging system.

### 2/16/22

*Scribe:* Jeff

*Present:* Jason, Jeff, Jon

*Absent:* N/A

*Items:* We met for Sprint 1 planning where we created the sprint goal, user stories, tasks and assigned them. We decided that for Sprint 1 we would focus on removing the admin side form the mobile app while improving user notifications by including the expiration time for the survey in their information. We also decided to add a user password reset for the case that a user forgets their login information.
## Full Team

### 2/19/22

*Scribe:* Jeff

*Present:* Alejandro, Andrew, Daniel, Jason, Jeff, Jon, Brandon

*Absent:* N/A

*Items:* Both sections met with William and discussed the scope of the project. Each section also showcased their current progress on UI/UX for the mobile and web app. 

### 2/12/22

*Scribe:* Alejandro

*Present:* Alejandro, Andrew, Daniel, Jason, Jeff, Jon

*Absent:* Brandon

*Items:* We discussed the teams(Web and Mobile) progress in general. The whole team is currently working on CI tasks. The objective of today's meeting was to clean up the project plan by incorporating professor's feedback. The final draft of the project plan has been emailed to our sponsor.

### 2/5/22

*Scribe:* Jeff

*Present:* Alejandro, Andrew, Brandon, Jason, Jeff, Jon

*Absent:* Daniel

*Items:* Worked on finishing project plan. This included refining milestones, the schedule, and contingencies.
Also incorporated sponsor meeting feedback into our project plan in terms of clarification, priorities and potential
workarounds.

### 1/29/22

*Scribe:* Jason

*Present:* Jeff, Brandon, Jon, Andrew, Alejandro, Daniel (hour late)

*Items:* Worked more on polishing the project plan. Read through the comments
the professor left for us and incorporated them into the plan. Daniel
came into the meeting late because he thought the meeting was at 3 p.m. (oops)

### 1/26/22

*Scribe:* Andrew

*Present:* Jason, Jeff, Jon, Brandon, Alejandro

*Absent:* Daniel

*Items:* Discussed the team contract. Agreed to meet weekly as a large team
and also weekly in our smaller teams. Set expectation/policies for the
team. Agreed on the three-strike policy. Everyone signed contract.
